Document RetryBaseAttribute/RetryAttribute introduced in MSTest 3.8 (#44635)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/unit-testing-mstest-writing-tests-attributes.md

> [!NOTE]
> By default, MSTest runs tests in sequential order so you only need to use this attribute if you have applied the `[Parallelize]` attribute at the assembly level.

### `RetryAttribute`

> The `RetryAttribute` was introduced in MSTest 3.8. It causes the test method to be re-tried when it fails or timeouts. It allows you to specify the maximum number of retry attempts, the time delay between retries, and a delay backoff type which is either constant or exponential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `RetryAttribute` was introduced in MSTest 3.8. This attribute causes the test method to be retried when it fails or timeouts. It allows you to specify the maximum number of retry attempts, the time delay between retries, and a delay backoff type, which is either constant or exponential.
```

> [!NOTE]
> By default, MSTest runs tests in sequential order so you only need to use this attribute if you have applied the `[Parallelize]` attribute at the assembly level.

### `RetryBaseAttribute`

The `RetryBaseAttribute` was introduced in MSTest 3.8. It's an abstract attribute that encapsulates a retry logic to be used when a test fails or timeouts. Implementors of this attribute must implement `ExecuteAsync` method which takes `RetryContext` as a parameter. Whenever a test times out or fails and an implementation of `RetryBaseAttribute` is present on the test method, MSTest will call `ExecuteAsync` of the attribute.

> [!NOTE]
> `RetryBaseAttribute.ExecuteAsync` is currently marked as experimental API.
>
> [!NOTE]
> MSTest provides a built-in implementation of `RetryBaseAttribute`, named `RetryAttribute`.

> > The built-in `RetryAttribute` allows to control the maximum number of retry attempts, time delay between retries, and a delay backoff type which is either constant or exponential. You can check out the implementation of `RetryAttribute` on [GitHub](https://github.com/microsoft/testfx/blob/27e0f3da163f3cd651e34395c8759772012b55f9/src/TestFramework/TestFramework/Attributes/TestMethod/RetryAttribute.cs) to have better understanding of how to implement your own custom `RetryBaseAttribute`.

Reviewer 2: I would probably do the opposite and describe here `RetryAttribute` that is what is useful to end users. We can mention `RetryBaseAttribute` in a note saying that it allows for user-provided attributes or we could just not mention it here and add a new documentation page about MSTest extensibility.

Author: @Evangelink Does it look better now?

Reviewer 2: Maybe drop the first note

Author: @Evangelink Which note? About experimental? That one is already dropped

Reviewer 2: Just me not remembering that GH isn't updating the code linked to comments :)
